Update changelog.md (#3173)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/changelog.md

Mattermost v5.17.0 contains medium to high level security fixes. [Upgrading](http://docs.mattermost.com/administration/upgrade.html) is recommended. Details will be posted on our [security updates page](https://about.mattermost.com/security-updates/) 30 days after release as per the [Mattermost Responsible Disclosure Policy](https://www.mattermost.org/responsible-disclosure-policy/).

- **v5.17.1, release day TBD**

>   - Fixing an issue where leaving a channel does not work in some cases if the channel is open in another webapp or desktop client. [MM-20206](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-20206)

Reviewer: @amyblais I think there was a CSM asking when 5.17.1 is shipping -- while we don't know the date, you can suggest to refer the customer to the changelog (or share the open issue) to determine if it's something they want to wait for

Author: I know. That is why I'm updating the changelog so that it has up-to date information.

    - Added ``EnableLatex`` to add an option to enable/disable rendering of latex code.
 
### Known Issues

>  - Deactivating a user updates the Last Activity and increments Monthly Active Users and Daily Active Users up (this does not affect Total Active Users).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Deactivating a user increases Monthly Active Users and Daily Active Users count by 1 in **System Console > Site Statistics**.
```
